**[Frank Hutter](https://ml.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/profile/hutter/)** is a Hector-Endowed Fellow and PI at the ELLIS Institute Tübingen, as well as Full Professor for Machine Learning at the University of Freiburg (Germany). Frank holds a PhD from the University of British Columbia (UBC, 2009) and a Diplom (eq. MSc) from TU Darmstadt (2004). He received the 2010 CAIAC doctoral dissertation award for the best thesis in AI in Canada, and with his coauthors, several best paper awards and prizes in international competitions on machine learning, SAT solving, and AI planning. He is a Fellow of EurAI and ELLIS, the director of the ELLIS unit Freiburg and the recipient of 3 ERC grants. Frank is best known for his research on automated machine learning (AutoML), including neural architecture search, efficient hyperparameter optimization, and meta-learning. He co-authored the first book on AutoML and the prominent AutoML tools Auto-WEKA, Auto-sklearn and Auto-PyTorch, won the first two AutoML challenges with his team, is co-teaching the first MOOC on AutoML, co-organized 15 AutoML-related workshops at ICML, NeurIPS and ICLR, and founded the AutoML conference as general chair in 2022 and 2023. In recent years, his focus has been on the intersection of foundation models and AutoML, including the first foundation model for tabular data, TabPFN, and improving pretraining and fine-tuning with AutoML. Frank Hutter recently founded Prior Labs in 2025, a startup focused on building the next generation of tabular foundation models, along with publishing the TabPFNv2 paper in Nature.